I'll tell you when I have time.
The lie has been exposed
younger sister
I see your figure is so good.
Why don't you follow your brother?
My brother is ten thousand times stronger than him
If you dare to hit me, don't get out
Okay, you're really good.
Qi Tian just broke up with my sister
Just like other women hook up
You are such a scumbag
I'm too lazy to explain to you.
I want to say now
Does it have anything to do with your addition?
Why doesn't it matter?
You climb up to my sister
Looking for other women
Do you deserve it? You wait.
My sister will soon become a member of the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
At that time, I will have the whole industry ban you.
You can't even beg for food
With a little power, you can do evil
arrogant and domineering
Adding it really disappoints me.
Mr. Qi
If Tian Ke really becomes a member of the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Adding will only make it more excessive
The subordinate proposes to cancel his membership
If you want that subordinate, go and inform Liang Xiexu.